Marcus Howard's Gago treating me so far
it's been great man it's been great I'm
truly blessed to you know have this
opportunity to be invited to this
prestigious event you know leading up to
the NBA Draft and whatnot so I'm
definitely excited to be here extremely
grateful what was your plan coming in
what did you what do you would you like
to show I'll just fix it myself you know
I'll be myself play my game you know I
think the team's I have seen me know how
well I can play an offensive end you
know from all three levels you know
three-point shot pull up into the lane
as well as get a better spot on the guys
and handle the ball at the point guard
position I think there's a lot of
riffraff about whether I was a two guard
or one guard the next level and I told
most teams I think I could play to one I
know I can play the one they have the
ball well enough how would you rate
yourself right now as an outside shooter
um I was saying slightly above average
you know a little bit more than slightly
you know just sort of listen to the NBA
3-point line you know I shot some people
in college but you know with the line
being there's a little different you
know having a catching one or two steps
back or whatever it may be so mix both
my three today but you know got some
line this is my other thing as well so
you know just continue to work on it
shot willing workouts just continue you
know work on it get better each day
what about a defender that's my biggest
area improvement I think I have to make
you know and I think for me that's where
we play the more relaxed defense more in
the paint you know this level it's more
pressure defense you know using your
length and quickness to disrupt you know
what the office is doing I think I was
able to do that a little bit today and
but the portsmen invitation I was able
to do so do so too I think it surprised
a lot of people so you know for me it's
just mind over matter
you know amount of myself to do so and I
think it'll be easy transition for me to
so make that adjustment the play they
had this opportunity to play at this
level have you been studying any of the
NBA playoffs here and then there's there
any players that you've particularly
enjoyed watching that maybe you can take
away a little bit from their game yeah
obviously you know watch all the playoff
games you know I really like I really
like Mike Conley you know it's you sort
of floater and you know how we control
tempo
and he's so he's so cute to the team
just all he does he what he's not
scoring you know just he gets other guys
shots and kind of keeps them going who
else
Steph Curry obviously you know shooting
the heck out of the ball right now
Bradley Beal you know stepping up when
John Wall was out you know being a
shooter himself being able to create you
know him you know knocking to open three
so I'd say five years from now what's
gonna be the biggest thing that sticks
in your mind that's ingrained from you
from from from your your head coach at
William and Mary I just think to play
harder every possession you know coming
out of high school you know I'm sure
pretty much all these guys to a star
player you know just have to do as much
and it's just a lot of competition so
but you get to the next level and it
continues to go up in the plane re
possession you know in college and fight
for spot here you fight for contracts
you know fight for playing time and just
so continue to you know play harder
possession and never get up on a play
what's it like knowing that you know a
lot of people saw the list and it came
out they're like wow Marcus Thornton got
invited over a lot of really really you
know big-name College guys nothing
you're not a big name what's what's that
does that do anything for you does that
you give you extra motivation
it does it does give you action
motivation but I think it's no more
action than what it's been all year and
my time I'm William air you know but so
I've been a hit of Germany under the
radar for pretty much all of my
basketball career so definitely time to
take this opportunity in stride you know
some people I deserve to be here and why
I am here
what kind of player were you in high
school primarily score you know shot the
ball really well you know got all the
guys involved we went a lot of games in
high school you know so I become more of
a driver since then I took a lot of jump
shots back then so you know just again
just you know every summer you know I
worked my butt off to keep getting
better there's always something to
improve on what kind of college offers
that you have coming out of high school
I saw pretty early I signed on before my
senior year started so I miss between
wing and Mary Drexel Mount st. Mary's
and Holy Cross really you know we Marie
has showed me a lot of love they were
the most persistent and you know really
made me feel like they needed me at
their program and I felt welcomed there
and the coaches are great I have great
relationships with all those guys and
definitely appreciate them finding the
diamond
what were school was telling you about
why they felt you weren't a guy for you
know for the ACC or whatever what what
were you missing at that point because
obviously now we know that you could
have played at that levels I think it's
just a matter of publicity you know I
play the great possible conference at
WCC you know Bishop McNamara which is
you know on the rise now for basketball
wasn't as heritage as you know such a as
the matter of the gods that gave you
familiar with those two and on my a you
circuit my my 17-under you I just didn't
play that much for this year so you know
so coaches didn't have the opportunity
to you know to see me in that light you
know for whatever reason you know it is
what it is we move on light goes on so
again I made it here you know through
continual hard work and just looking to
prove one and make them make the most of
it
for guys that are watching this video
from smaller programs that you know that
aspire to make the NBA combine and to be
able to show themselves against the best
of the best of college basketball what
would you what would you tell them about
what you learned through through your
path I would tell them to keep working
keep working you know don't mind what
the media says you know if you're good
you can play they'll find you you know
if you take care what you need to you
know you're gonna force them to put them
in a tough spot you know small school
and that your numbers are there your
winds are there you know you take care
of your responsibilities everything else
will fall into place
thanks so much best of luck